you quit our little Charlotte with a
good deed her haven for destitute
children 2 nd children to hide one child
his turn
that's what hurts you but you'll find
out later after you're married it
tortures you to think what I was to
claim and still have a good marriage
doesn't it
your must children he's a Ralston he'd
never forgive me I'd lose him better
losing than deceive a decent man into a
respectable marriage a man you don't
even love Oh deal you listened
I do love Jo I'll make him a good wife
you'll never be sorry he married me
you're going to tell him I can't do you
then I will
shocked I should say my kisses nice
ghost she can't marry you she can't
marry anyone now don't you know what
happens to you means more to me than
anything
he wasn't not worth a shot I think
he loved me you might have let me kicked
him but you lied to make sure I wouldn't
haven't he wanted to see me since I
refused best I was too ashamed